# Cardano Conference

## Meeting Notes

Meeting link: https://ufl.zoom.us/my/noahtjones

Looking for something thorough. 

Onterlocutor learning style and education background. He is concrete
random. [Concrete sequential](https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/5fd8/6823b1ebdaa254f17f6a1ce6d83fadc58bba.pdf).

Toroidal flow is the basis of his design -- this represents an
incentive structure. Fly-wheel source energy:

 - Looking for virtuous cycles
 - Big picture is the education DAO
   - Pieces in project catalyst
   - We need to unify the grand vision into where we need to build the
     puzzle pieces out.
   - The Summit is one of the nexus puzzle pieces.
   - A portal who know nothing about cardano to becoming an incubator.
	 - Cardano literacy
	 - The DAO rewards those who successfully benefit were in the pick
       and shovel business in the gold rush.
   - Provide the training so that they know the very best methods to
     "mine" and pan for gold.
     - Network with all of the people who have opportunities to mine
       gold, so that they can find the top-trained people so that we
       can incubate the solution so that we can hit SOPs, best
       practices, and so that we have standards as a community.
 - Fund 6, but we need to put together for Fund 7 to get one
   comprehensive. 
 - Djed could be really beneficial.
 - Mall of America
  - Is the idea realistic?
   - Set intention, action, let go
   - What is the possibility we are going to invite someone into?
  - Sat down with the CFO -- Jeff, and he needs to hear about Mall of America.
   - Jeff 
   
   - Already 
  - Real estate

### Show the possibilities in a ride

 1. onboard
 2. educate
 3. incubate
 
pre-show -- 1280 through hour $20 -- post-show

Self-filtering thing (panning for gold ;^) )

Access to multiverse so that can jump through the portal.

 - They get a wallet
 - Pre-show

40 million visitors

Giant screen, fly-over of the sun, the light hits the pale blue dot,
when the sun comes, it comes alive, repeat, repeat, raspberry creates
the sugar molecule, and this is the beginning of the value chain, you
eat it, it becomes part of you, intention -->>

The act of labor can be attached to the blockchain, rules can be
attached to it, validation. The ideal is that we can get the fruit of
our labor. Education.

Fractal which would enable us to create these self-similar
fractal. Education fractal, once it works everything -- once we get
this right for everything.

Education becomes so important -- take attendance

 - tracking, eg:
  - contact time
  - multiplication and addition -- tests
 - track grade level
  - teach ethics and teach -- humility, help, collaborate
  - track that
  - systems of merit
 - Some sort of reward system -- merit pecuniary -- financial
   incentive for teachers
  - **pre-mediated gratitude**
 - this is the system
  
Ref: Louis the XVI "after me the flood"

on-board piece to set the stage (pre-show)

stage 1: motion-based cinematic ride (eg bidnight ride vr goggles is another)

stage 2: If you earned a badge that is in your credentials wallet, then you can be launched into the metaverse (strapped in) 
  * ticket -- ready to jump -- personalized
  * note: this motivates people to get their family and friends
    engaged as well
	
	video screens, high-tech theater, visualize the possibilities (no
    income tax, no-longer a slave to a system, you have the ability to
    free yourself by becoming literate and there is nothing stopping
    you) with the next evolution of humanity, hero of the story. Gift,
    gratitude, smart-contract thing. 
	
	We can do the multiplier to the cardano creative-commons
    transaction fee (he is describing a treasury system) support
    on-boarding people behind.
	
	Note: This would fund the live-work play thing?

stage 3: Connecting with people who are already in the system and are
therefore prosperous.

live-work play

### My notes

*-Sioux most successful gaming tribe in the country. The history of
the Mall of America intense tragic, horrific, eugenics program. And
the lacota uprising of 1862.

Deal 10 miles north and south of the. Now there are 400 members of the
tribe, and they are all extremely successful. Built and bought JW
Marriot, they just bought in cash. 7 busses per day from mall to
Mistic Lake. 

Sublimate this into a force for good. Djed comes in because -- co-creating a cardano Summit 

 1. Creative construction (choosing the lot, co-creating building with
    flow an use cases in 3 days)
 2. The flow of the busses, tickets, pre-ticketed, how to we do this
    rapidly.
 3. Logistics and human transportation and flow.


 1. Cardano infrastructure piece. -- how money flows through the system
 2. Businesses would be invited healthcare, banking, insurance,
    government, cross-polination between businesses, policy makers,
    etc.
 3. Demonstrate how you can transform from a centralized business to
    10X in the decentralized system.
 4. 40 years of experience in banking. How do you become a banker. 
 5. Otherwise, your future is disinermediation. Note: you thought the
    world was flat before.
  1. Debt jubilee is inevitable 
 6. Members of bank are unsecured creditors -- there is an order --
    bond holders
 
FDIC 1.3 % is covered, research City bank covering their derivatives
books.

Blood and terror to concentrate power in a very small group of people.

Busses lined up, we might catch a few. How much do you have to pay?
Nothing. Just get up to speed and get certified.

Tribe thing: CFO to the tribe, asking why; permissioned sovereignty to
permissionless sovereignty. Define sovereignty: law, etc. codify
culture. Stable coin at Casino. Pull the Tribe's fiduciary
responsibility into a DAO. $250,000,000 is the requisite
investment. Debt financing to design and construct. 

Note: every step, we have opportunities to convert existing systems
into Cardano.

Use the construction itself as a model to create a smart contract to
10 stake pools -- smart contract for delegators delegating for
term. Delegators can lock their tokens in the delegation and then do
100% stake pools. The entire fee goes to repaying the loan. In
exchange, the people who are receiving the gratitude tokens (a
gratuity as it symbolizes the voluntary nature). You get your rewards
right away because you can't drop out.

The tokens then become part of a revenue share.

Gift-gratitude smart-contract

Note: what is the history of the tribe?

Note: There are about a thousand ways that cardano can support
everything.

Note: expediting the conversion.

Investing in contributing and value flow. Confluence of tributaries. 

People are con-tributaries to flow. 

The human potential is infinite -- consuming sunshine -- value itself
needs to be redefined 

Note: reminds me of unrewarded work described by Andrew Yang.

#### Groups

Tunheim: onboarded into every single minnesota business -- reset-ready

So they are primed for the concept of the project, we can make it
happen.

Education: Alien interactions.

Authorware-macromind -> macromedia joined adobe.

The training is focused on transference -> is there transference?

Brene Brown -> overwhelmed because 

Judging, blaming, resenting

Curiosity

Courage, compassion, connection 

Vagus nerve -- heart, curiosity

Hypothesis of generosity: people are doing the best that they can with
what they have.

The segue into living a connected life is curiosity. Curiosity creates
space for the vulnerable and therefore curiosity takes courage. 

#### Education Manhattin Project

ACE grant

FERPA ran into issues with how to handle responsibility. 

#### Plan

First, they at the Marriot, host the conference (already have the
permission), and then they put the money into escrow with a trigger
that is pulled when the ample minimum guarantee has been locked in the
smart contract. 

Justice -- get the whole company working for you. Create the systems
that will be more successful and more profitable. You can tax it in a
manner that creates more torroidal flow.

### Vision for Next Steps

Invite SMSV into the possibility.

So that means that we have to synthesize the invitation. The only
natural thing is to say. How do we get past the defenses?

My ideas: service mentality, an offer, the thoughtfulness, what do you want. 

Hero's journey -- tackle the dragon that is the sum of social
injustices that has destoryed them and the forefathers -- co-creation
-- confront the sin of our fathers that have been allowed to
foment. Bring some light into the underworld. Redeem the legacy.

Move from fear and uncertainty to abundance. 

#### Antifragile.

Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community

https://shakopeedakota.org/

http://www.smscgc.org/

https://www.understandnativemn.org/podcast/

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shakopee_Mdewakanton_Sioux_Community

Walk the walk. It is virtue signaling and then following through on
that commitment. 

Begin with their ceremony. It symbolizes the participation. Joining the Tribe. 

https://www.mnopedia.org/event/treaty-traverse-des-sioux-1851
